---
title: "Pricing"
date: 2018-10-15T14:15:11-07:00
menu: "main"
---

## What do I need to do to get my drum engraved?

The first step to getting your drum engraved is to decide your
budget. Most classic patterns fall in the $250-$550 range with the
most popular vintage patterns in the $350-$450 range. Since all prices
are based on the time it takes to produce your engraving (including
the artwork for the patterns), you can save money by choosing a
pattern that I've already produced, as the patterns are already made.

### Pick a Design

Once you've got a budget, it's time to look at engraving patterns and
decide what you'd like on your drum. You can find examples of engraved
drum patterns online by googling the terms “hand engraved drum” or
“John Aldridge engraved” or “black beauty”. This will give you a good
starting place from which to choose. If you don't want a pattern like
anyone else and are able to provide your own artwork to scale (where
it only needs to be traced onto a drum to prepare it for engraving),
that's another way to save money.

### Get a Quote

When you've chosen a pattern, drawn your own design, or decided you
want me to produce some original artwork for you, a phone call is in
order, or an email, to start the price quote process. Based on our
conversations about what you want, I will give you a firm quote for
your engraving job.

### Submit your Deposit

Once you've decided your pattern option, and gotten your quote, you'll
need to submit a deposit of 50% of the total cost. This will get your
name and drum placed on the engraving schedule and guarantee a time
slot for your drum to be engraved. If you don't know the pattern yet,
but want to reserve a slot in the engraving schedule, you can submit a
flat $200 deposit which will be applied to your purchase.

### Send your Drum

When your time slot is approaching, I will call, text or email you to
let you know it's time to take all your hardware off and ship me the
shell. Not comfortable disassembling your drum and re-assembling your
drum? You can opt to have us do that for you for a nominal fee ($35).

Once the shell arrives, I will do my very best to return it to you
completed within two weeks. My goal is for you not to be separated
from your drum for a long time.

### Complete Payment

When your drum is completed, I will contact you with photos of the
completed drum and the balance is due for the job. Upon receipt of the
final payment, your drum (or shell) will be returned to you.

## Questions?

Please submit any questions about any part of the process via text or
email. Due to the nature of engraving I don't answer the phone when
I'm doing it. I'm also in situations as a drum tech where I cannot
answer the phone. Most importantly, a written chain of correspondence
will guarantee that both of us are on the same page throughout the
process.
